Demon Cards


INTRODUCTION
------------
  This module is really a mini-game from the upcoming Demon module, sequel to Shadowlords and Dreamcatcher.  The game
  itself was entertaining enough that I felt it would make a good "teaser" to the future release of the module.  At
  around the same time, Jazael offered some scripting help and I pointed him to the game which had some assorted issues
  before it could be finished.  He ended up rewriting all the code, fixing some problems, adding new cards, and changing
  the rules around a bit.
  
  As it stands, the card game is inspired by all the collectable card games floating around these days, with a distinct
  NWN flair.  You can purchase cards, play against the computer or a human opponent, and arrange your deck.

  If you run into problems, you can contact me at adam@adamandjamie.com.

CREDITS
-------
  Many thanks to Jazael who did the vast majority of the scripting.
  The CODI team offered lots of good feedback and testing while in development.

INSTALLATION
------------
  Put the .mod file in your /NeverwinterNights/nwn/modules/ directory.
  Put the .hak file in your /NeverwinterNights/nwn/hak/ directory.
  For multiplayer games, make sure that all players have at least the .hak file installed.  The server needs the .mod file.

GETTING STARTED
-------------
  You'll find a rule book within the game that has most of the instructions you'll need.  To get started, talk to the
  game store owner and buy a starter deck from him.  To see what cards you have, you can speak to nearly any character
  in the area and choose to manage your deck.  After placing your deck of cards on the pedestal, you'll be able to move
  cards in between your chosen deck and your pool of cards.
  
  Note that you can buy additional blank decks from the game store owner.  This allows you to set up multiple theme
  decks and quickly switch between them.  If you do use multiple decks, make sure you also purchase a deck bag to put
  your unused decks in.  If you don't, you may find yourself playing with a deck you didn't intend to.
  
  When arranging your deck, note that you can only have between 20 and 40 cards and still have it be considered a "legal"
  deck.  Also, you cannot have more than four cards of any one type, other than magic generators.
  
  After you've arranged your deck, you can pick up your deck from the pedestal and click on the sign to leave the 
  Manage Deck area.  The players in the Card Emporium have different skill levels and decks they play with.  I'd recommend
  starting with the girl, who's a bit of a pushover.  Talk to her and choose what you'd like to bet for.  She'll either
  play for fun, or for ante.
  
  When you first start up a game, you'll have a few seconds to get yourself oriented.  Notice that you are both invisible
  and hasted, which should help you play cards quickly without the distraction of seeing your character.  As soon as 
  your cards appear, you can click on them to play them.  A magic generator should go first, then any card with a cost
  of one.
  
  Though the game is played in realtime, there are distinct turns.  Every turn, your magic generators will recharge,
  a new card will be drawn, and certain constant effects will be reapplied (such as Flux, which deals damage to 
  all creatures and players).  Also, you can only cast one magic generator per turn, so don't forget to play them.
  
  As the game progresses, you'll continue to summon creatures and cast spells.  If it's your first time playing, don't
  forget to pause and examine any cards you're unfamiliar with.  Some have benefits and drawbacks that aren't
  immediately apparent.  Also pay attention to the player messages that scroll by in yellow at the bottom of the screen.
  
  With luck, your creatures will beat their way through your opponent's defenses and attack the player's avatar.  Once
  they fall, the game will end a short term later and you'll win whatever was bet on the game.
  
HINTS & TRICKS
--------------
  Don't forget to sacrifice your creatures when appropriate.  Many creatures have sacrifice effects that are 
  quite powerful.

  When creating your deck, don't forget to put in enough magic generators.  Somewhere between 1/4 to 1/3 of your
  cards should be magic generators.
  
  When playing multiplayer, click the pillar when your opponent is next to it.  Up to 8 games can go at once,
  multiplayer or singleplayer.  Up to eight people can manage decks at once as well.

  You can lose the game by running out of cards.  While not typical, this can happen if your opponent has one
  of the several cards that removes cards from your deck or if you start the game with a lower number of cards.
  
  There are a number of cards that work well together.  For example, the Plague Bearer card doesn't deal damage
  to other rats, making it quite powerful when combined with others of its kind.
  
  Certain spells "power up".  If the card reads 1+, that means that additional magic generators can be used
  to increase their effectiveness.  Sometimes it's best to hold on to that Fireball until you have enough
  magic power to deal a mighty blow to your opponent.
  
  Try different strategies against different opponents.  There's more than one way to skin a pit fiend.

TECHNICAL NOTES AND ISSUES
--------------------------
  If you export your character and try to play on another server, you'll find that your cards are gone even though
  your deck is there.  This is due to variables being placed on the deck items, which don't survive the export
  process.


MODULE BUILDER NOTES
--------------------
If you're feeling brave, it's possible to integrate this game into your module or persistent world.
Here are the general steps you'll need to take:
 * Update your placeables.2da file.  You'll find a number of entries for the cards in the game.  The model names
   all start with plc_card and the toolset names are all "Cards - " and then the name of the card.  If necessary,
   copy the lines to wherever in your .2da file, then change the appearance for each of the cards.
 * Update your appearance.2da file.  This is only needed to get the Fairy Dragon model in the game.  Feel free to
   simply change the Fairy Dragon creature's appearance to something else and then you can ignore this step.
 * Update your baseitems.2da file.  There's two new item types for the cards and decks.
 * Import all the scripts in and build your module.
 * If you need more areas for playing, just copy the areas.  The Manage Deck areas are no longer needed as of v2.1.
 * With v2.2, you can easily place individual cards in creature's inventories, as rewards for quests, and so on.
 * Make sure you create two factions - "CardGamePlayer1" and "CardGamePlayer2".  They have to be hostile to each other.
   Go into the first CardGame area and make sure FactionObjectPlayer1 is set to the first faction and FactionObjectPlayer2
   is set to the second.


HISTORY
-------
3.0 (3/1/05)
  Changed the version number to 3.0 to appease the marketing department.  :)

2.8 (2/25/05)
  Fixed Atlantian so that it only uses up to 5 magic generators.

2.7 (2/21/05)
  Increased cost of Maiden of Paradise to 2.
  Toned down Pit Fiend.  Two magic generators are additionally destroyed when the creature is cast.
  Added Power Stream, a global enchantment that causes all players to draw an extra card.
  Set Mind Control to cost an additional point.
  Boosted player's Spellcraft by 20 so they can read what spells the creatures are casting at each other.
  Adjusted the stats of the Spirit Guardian and Steel Guardian.
  
2.6 (2/8/05)
  Fixed the Spells container so that it didn't disappear after a single use (oops).
  Rafaela now plays for ante when you ask to play for ante.
  Fixed fireball script (bloodsong)
  Expanded the number of songs that play
  Added a check to make sure there isn't a Too Many Instructions error when visiting the store.
  Added a check to see if your opponent was in another conversation when being challenged to a PvP game.

2.5 (1/31/05)
  Updated the store with the new decks that allow you to count the number of cards.
  Changed the PVP conversation so that it should cancel the conversation after accepting.
  Fixed ante so that you don't get a huge stack of cards - now you should only get one.

2.4 (1/26/05)
  Loremaster and Maiden of Paradise are immoble and won't attack.
  Added the ability for players to specify wagers against other players.

2.3  (1/25/05)
  DMs aren't counted when displaying player scores.
  Deck items have a unique power that reports a count of the cards inside.
  Increased card prices for the high-end cards.  

2.2  (1/23/05)
  Updated the GetCardGameCreature function so that it finds creatures with 0 attack/defense.  Should fix a lot of issues
    with cards like Resurrection, Holy Vengeance, etc.
  Added an "Emergency Exit" pedestal.  If the game ends and the players are still around, they can exit that way.
  Cleared Higher Calling effect on game end.
  Fixed issue with ante (player not getting their anted card back).
  Fixed problem with winning against NPCs and not getting the player score incremented.
  Fixed problem with buying expansion packs when your card bag is full.
  Updated text to better reflect where the cards went when you buy an expansion pack. 
  Removed some debug code.
  Fixed Mind Control - creature clears combat state after casting (thanks bloodsong)
  Fixed Loremaster to only affect owner (bloodsong)
  Vampire Masters drain avatar (bloodsong)
  Fixed "above a minimum of" text message when you have too many cards in a deck.

2.1  (1/20/05)
  Fixed a number of small card-related bugs that found their way into Demon.
  Switched to a system where cards are items and decks are containers.  No more disappearing cards when you log off!
  NPC decks are generally fixed (sometimes they'd have really lousy random decks before).
  Buying and selling cards is done via a shop window.  The card owner always has at least 100 cards.  If the number
   drops below this, he'll fill up to 100.
  Managing decks is done in your inventory, moving cards in and out of the deck containers.
  Changing the rules by speaking to the game store owner can only happen if debug mode is on or the player is a DM.
  To turn on debug mode, do the following:
   Type ~
   Type "DebugMode 1" (no quotes)
   Type ~
   Type "dm_setmodulevarint CARD_DEBUG 1"
   Type ~
   Type "DebugMode 0"
  This allows greater access to cards as well as lots of informational text.  To disable debug mode, do the same
  thing except change the CARD_DEBUG 1 to a 0.

2.0  (2/24/04)
  (added by Adam)
  Fixed problem with selling cards when there were a small number.
  Changed the freqency of ultra rares to make them virtually impossible to buy.
  Added counterspell floating text.
  Added sacrifice/game information pedestal to turn main game dialog on and off.
  Changed sacrifice visual effect to new pedestal.
  Fixed issue with rarity when purchasing cards.
  Fixed issue with selling cards (could only sell one at a time).
  Changed AI weights, hopefully fixing Dispel Magic, Flux, and Elixir of Life, among others.
  Fixed Boomerang to not destroy all cards when used on a magic generator.


  (added by Jazael)
  Fixed issue with Saeshen upkeep where it was possible to bring back infinite Fairy Dragons and cause a game
    wide crash
  Fixed issue with Mind Control/Warp Reality and Boomerang, which caused the controlling player to receive
    the creature's card, and not the original owner
  Fixed Revenant so that it no longer goes to the discard pile if discarded from the player's hand
  Fixed targetting error in the core code that prevented auto-targetting from selecting the correct object
  Fixed error where ante was no longer working
  Fixed issue where it was possible to still win the gold from an NPC when the game result was a draw
  Fixed Wrath Of The Horde so that its effects no longer stack
  Fixed issue with the *_LIFE_DEAD scan types where they would result in OBJECT_INVALID
  Fixed Counterspell
  Fixed multiple status afflicting cards so that later castings of status inflicting spells will ignore those
    affected by the initial card
  Fixed problem of upkeep heal effect messages returning a value of 0
  Fixed aura effects so that they are now removed properly
  Fixed Mind Control
  Fixed problem with menus not cycling backwards more than one page
  Fixed Dragon so that it targets more than one creature
  Fixed bug where Mind Control and Warp Reality could remove auras
  Fixed issue when discarding cards during upkeep draw so that now cards will shuffle along
  Fixed targetting on Life Drain and Lightning Bolt
  Fixed Counterspell feedback to give better indication of remaining counters
  Fixed Life Drain maths to prevent targetting of avatars only
  Fixed Mind Control so that it now has a casting cost of 0
  Fixed Resurrect so that you get an invalid target message
  Fixed bug in Kobold Chief where it would apply effects to all creatures except Kobolds
  Fixed Mind Over Matter so that it does not return Mind Over Matter cards from the discard pile
  Fixed bug with Deekin where it would not check for ownership of kobolds affected by the sacrifice effect
  Fixed all issues where card effects could target dead creatures when they weren't supposed to
  Fixed bug with card effects and AI so that it will ignore Kobold Mines
  Fixed issue with sacrifices aimed at another creature by the sacrificed creature where it would trigger the
    OnDeath effect of the target
  Fixed problems due to EffectDeath, EffectDamage and DestroyObject mismatch in usage
  Fixed problem where Magic Being Used message would report less than was casting cost of card
  Fixed bug where multiple end prep functions were fired, causing double effects at end of game
  Fixed Discard Pile
  Fixed bug with Magic Generators multiplying in the Discard Pile
  Fixed bug where Dragon would still consume undead creatures
  Fixed bug where Dragon would take a bite out of itself
  Fixed bug in Resurrect where player could gain multiple cards in their Discard Pile
  Fixed bug in Revenant card where a TMI error was caused by multiple Revenants in the same discard pile
  Fixed bug in Mythical cards where Resurrect could get more than one mythical card into play at a time
  Fixed bug in Mythical cards where corpses were counted against the mythical limit
  Fixed bug with Mythical cards where you could still get more than one in play at a time
  Fixed bug in Warp Reality where it was only destroying one magic generator and not all of them
  Fixed manage deck area so that it reports when no deck is in the pedestal when a player clicks on a card
  Fixed <Player> plays <Card> messages to be printed before the results of the card are printed
  Fixed Kobold Engineer so that he actually drops mines
  Fixed Kobold Mine game crash
  Fixed all instances where GetObjectInShape is used so that it checks for creatures and that they are not already
    dead
  Fixed info window so you can refresh its information without having to keep on clicking on the pedestal
  Fixed bug where you could multiple use a card object to cast it several times
  Fixed bug where cards would cause the drawing of a card other than from the main deck and disrupt the playing area
  Fixed draw card functions so that cards that have been played and cause a draw card to occur will not be kept in
    hand
  Fixed bug with Dispel Magic removing aura effects
  Fixed bug with the message report where 0 magic is being used
  Fixed bug with creatures going to the discard pile
  Fixed bug where aura effects could be applied to dead objects
  Fixed bug where Kobold Pogosticks did not die after jumping
  Fixed Boomerang so that when returning magic generators, it always returns one that has not been drained of power
  Fixed bug with Boomerang where it destroyed caster magic generators instead of enemy
  Fixed bug with Boomerang where it did not destroy the creature to be returned
  Fixed bug where Solar Stones were free to cast
  Fixed Simulacrum
  Fixed TMI bug in Eye of the Beholder spell
  Fixed 2xTMI bugs in Fairy Dragon sacrifice
  Fixed bug in Fairy Dragon sacrifice code
  Fixed Fairy Dragon to not play Magic Generators as the free card
  Fixed all instances in the code where GetNearestCreature or GetNearestObjectByTag scans from the avatar object so
    that it now scans from the concede board of that player
  Fixed Deekin's data so that his sacrifice ability shows up
  Fixed purchase individual cards menu when a blank value is displayed
  Fixed the NPC decks so that any cards without a deck type set will be considered for any deck
  Fixed Phasing plot flag
  Fixed issue with several spell effects using DelayCommand
  Fixed bug with Resurrect bringing back creatures that had a spawn effect and not reproducing the spawn effect
  Fixed bug where cards discarded from the hand did not go to the discard pile
  Fixed the card collection layout upon entering deck manage areas problem
  Fixed the code where when a last card is drawn, instead of ending immediately, it kills the player's avatar, causing
    the grace period to kick in, so if both players draw their last card, a draw occurs
  Fixed bug where armour would not target creatures properly
  Fixed bug in card spell effects when Dispel Magic is used
  Fixed minor maths problem in dragon OnSpawn code
  Fixed minor bug with music selection at end of the game
  Removed sacrifice placeable
  Removed Twister deck type
  Removed code comments
  Removed upper limit on card ID values
  Added player results information window in game owner dialog
  Added dynamic conversation window that presents game information and sacrifice list without the need to click on
    placeables to trigger it
  Added function wrapper to clarify destruction of card creatures
  Added CARD_TYPE_STONE
  Added a new card subtype entry in the card database
  Added a Magic Generator option to the move cards into deck menu
  Added nNoDiscard and nHandDiscard to the card data struct for discard rules of cards
  Added nBoost to card data struct for + cost cards
  Added nCombat (TRUE/FALSE) to data information struct to indicate whether a creature should engage in combat or not
  Added code to combat scripts to prevent non-combat summons from engaging in combat
  Added a visual effect to creatures that are sacrificed
  Added NPC avatar appearance code
  Added PvP trading system
  Added debug mode
  Added feedback to draw cards to show remaining card count
  Added card destruction wand for deck manage areas
  Added SignalEvent lines to certain spells
  Added colour light shafts for avatar health
  Added colour light shafts for magic pool count indicator
  Added custom default game rules setting from the game owner
  Added sDesc and sGame to the information struct for cards
  Added card details and confirmation window to card purchase options
  Added menu for moving cards into deck
  Added new scan types
  Added new creature scan types
  Added miscellaneous feedback to various cards and their effects
  Added some constants to control card game default values
  Added discard pile
  Added CARD_TYPE_MYTHICAL
  Added Ultra Rare rarity type
  Added d1_cards_jcustom script file for custom cards
  Changed PvP gaming system
  Changed the move cards into deck menu to widen possible filter types
  Changed stone/generator tag/resref convention
  Changed generator/stone constant naming convention
  Changed rarity maths
  Changed all instances where GetName is used to report the name of a creature/card
  Changed Saeshen and Revenant upkeeps so that they are done at the same time
  Changed upkeep for draining/healing avatar of hit points into generic form
  Changed all menus to use highlighting for better readability of the lists
  Changed GetIsDeckValid so that if the MODULE is passed as the target area for the rules, it will get the default rules
    off the module instead of the specific area rules
  Changed card purchase and sell windows
  Changed dragon to target non-undead for its hit points gobble
  Changed all Set type functions to delete the local variable when the value being set is the default for when no 
    value exists
  Changed some code for efficiency reasons
  Swapped card line and generator line
  Corrected miscellaneous card text
  Placed a lot of the free-floating local variable statements into wrappers
  Tidied some code
  Rebuilt AI code
  Restructured code
1.9  (2/18/04)
  Changed the Loremaster portrait.
  Added a card creation guide to the .zip.
  Cleaned up the appearances.2da file.
  Bumped up the speed at which the AI script fires (in the middle of the turn rather than the end).
  Added new cards - Sewer Rat, Beholder, Dragon, Angelic Light, Avenging Angel, Angelic Healer, Archangel,
    Angelic Defender
  Toned down White Stag to only heal a max of 5 hp per turn.
  Fixed the always-winning bug.
1.8  (2/13/04)
  Changed shopkeeper code so that very rare cards are not for sale ever (it turns out there was a 
    very small chance otherwise).
  Changed Vampire Master and Pit Fiend's rarity to very rare, which should remove it from sale.
  Increased Zombie Lord speed.
  Changed some portraits (Solar Stone placeable and Archon card placeable).
  Changed Maiden of Paradise back to a 1st level commoner (down from level 10).
  Fixed a couple sound sets for the creatures (thanks Dave!)
  Added power/toughness rating to creature names for easy reference (thanks Dave!)
  Added music to the area as well as win/lose music for single player games.
  Re-fixed the Fairy Dragon sacrifice code (it mysteriously broke).
  Fixed Life Drain placeable cost (from 4 to 1+).
  Added sound to summoning objects.
  Fixed AI logic for Witch Doctor sacrifice.
  Fiddled with portraits some more.
  Fixed vampire's description to reflect their attack boost by killing an opponent.
  Made NPCs plot to dissuade griefers.
  Made Holy Vengeance target strongest creature as appropriate.
  Armor is now cast on avatar only once.
  Fixed Fairy Dragon's sacrifice (again!)
  Removed Fairy Dragon's Charm Person ability.
  Increased Zombie Lord's power and toughness.
  Cleaned up the power/toughness levels in the code for improved AI.
  Removed pain golem's sacrifice upkeep, toned down damage to 2 hp damage for every card over 4.
  Added description Armour for armor spell to indicate ability to protect avatar.
  Fixed Pain Golem placeable (it was missing a shield).
  Fixed typo in Intellect Devourer's description.
  Sacrifice message and vfx only appears if card actually played.
  Fixed lots of other typos.
  Gave cows rage, mostly for entertainment purposes.
  Included Dave's card guide.
  Adjusted assorted creature hit points a little.
  Changed Vampire from very rare to rare.
1.7  (2/11/04)
  Removed Loremaster's Turn Undead ability (and generally toned him down quite a bit).
  Fixed rules in this readme to say "more than four cards of any one type".
  Really fixed the card placeable for rat (the hak didn't make it into the zip file).
  Fixed cougar card description - changed toughness to 3 to match the placeable.
  Changed "loose" to "lose" in boy's dialog.
  Changed "affects" to "effects" in the rules book.
  Increased strength of Chaos Witch, makinging it more interesting to play.
  Changed Atlantian model to Elder Water Elemental
  Changed Steel Guardian description to make it more accurate.
  Added descriptions to each of the creatures (thanks for all the copy and paste work Dave!)
  Changed Goblin Witchdoctor model to more closely fit the card.
  Applied CutsceneGhost effect to avatar in hopes that it will prevent a problem with "bumping" the avatar away
    which causes all sorts of problems and makes the game unplayable.  This has a drawback of causing creatures
    to move freely through it, however, which can be another issue.
  Changed Spirit Guardian placeable card to a toughness of 3 from 4.
  Changed Atlantian to show 1+ power and toughness.
  Changed creature color "glow" to red and blue.
  Added Bone Golem description text to reflect their attack bonus to lower skeletons.
  Added Wolf description text to reflect their attack bonus to other wolves.
  Increased zombie speed.
  Moved summon point a little closer to the center so large creatures don't spawn inside the avatar.
  Fixed Maiden of Paradise, White Stag placeable portrait.
  
1.6  (2/10/04)
  Fixed descriptions for bear and card placeable for rat
  First pass at fixing the deck bag issue (involved renaming inappropriate tags)
1.5  (2/6/04)
  Added "Getting Started" section to readme file.
  Added help sign to Manage Deck area.
  Changed the word "limit" to "minimum" in the warning message if you have too few cards.
1.4  (1/12/04)
  Fixed multi deck support (gave each deck item a unique tag).
  Added check for multiple decks outside of deck bag.
1.3  (1/11/04)
  Switched variables back to item, as they are saved as of the 1.61 NWN patch.
  Added valid deck check when managing the deck (but only when removing the cards from the pedestal)
1.2  (1/6/04)
  Fixed problem with AI and Elixir of Life
  Possible Too Many Instruction issue fixed.
  Fixed problem destroying cards when managing your deck.
  Fixed problem with placeables.2da in hak.
1.1  (12/26/03)
  Updated .2da files to work with HotU and the 1.61 patch
1.0  (12/4/03)
  Fixed issue with gold not being lost when conceding game.
0.95 (11/29/03)
  Fixed Flux - now deals damage.
  The AI can no longer sacrifice creatures it doesn't own.
  Added areas so that there are now 8 manage card and card game areas.
  Removed Haste at end of game.
  Fixed faction/color issues with Resurrection.
  Added a message if someone doesn't have a deck to play with, yet they try to play.
  Fixed issue with AI and Holy Vengeance (scanned enemy for creature, not self)
  Removed skeleton properties from skeletons (so they can be paralyzed)
  Modified AI for Healing Light so that they'll cast on self if wounded
  Fixed Hook Horror and Goblin Witchdoctor sacrifice
  Fixed Scorched earth - now destroys corpses
  Removed Atlantian's special properties
  Added support for multiple deck containers per player
  Fixed removal of Haste when leaving manage area
  Modified Resurrect & added DetermineCombatRound to avoid "dumb" resurrected creatures
0.9 (11/25/03)
  Fixed resurrection (allowed creatures to be raised)
  Changed multiplayer layout
  Fixed issue with card transfers (no longer duplicates cards)
  Fixed issues with new creatures
0.8 (11/24/03)
  Changed all variables so that they're PC specific.  You can no longer trade decks between players, but save/load works.
  Multiple game and deck management areas should be supported.
  Flux now deals damage
  New cards added, but need tweaking (Fairy Dragon, Scorched Earth, Resurrect, Chaos Witch, Vortex, Goblin Witchdoctor, Hook Horror)
  If forced to discard, no longer gets rid of last card drawn.
0.7 (11/20/03)
  Changed Goblin Shaman's Negative Energy Ray to Burning Hands (to prevent opponent undead healing)
  Updated Creature Rules book - fixed some grammar, added Sacrifice rule descriptions
  Changed Solar Stone model so that it would appear
  Changed dialog for one of the card players so that it was more clear when you were playing for cards or ante
  Increased player's speed when managing deck
  Changed movement increase to haste effect for managing and playing  
  Added a dialog option so that the player can keep looking through the game owner's cards.
  Added the concept of "rarity" when buying individual cards.  Chances of getting very rares are greatly reduced.
  Changed zombies to remove immunity to paralysis
  Toned down Vampire Master
  Jazael made some changes as well to Solar Stone
  Made playing field "longer" to try to avoid camera rotation issues.
  Removed undead properties from Lich.
  Added visual indicator of current avatar hit points every time damage is taken.
  Changed avatar hit points back to 100.
  Changed Lich's Negative Energy Ray to Ray of Enfeeblement.
  Changed Loremaster upkeep to 2 magic generators.
  Toned down Pit Fiend.
  Toned down Fireball again (3 hp/generator)
0.6 (11/19/03)
  Cleared the manage area upon entering
  Added check to make sure Loremasters are alive before applying affect
  Added visual reminder & message when a sacrificeable creature is played
  Changed the avatar's hit points to 150.
0.5 (11/18/03)
  Modified avatar paralyze effect so that it wouldn't be affected by Dispel Magic.
  Changed "Concede Game" function so that the script is executed on the game area.
  Removed skeleton knuckle from Skeleton Warrior
  Resized the "Manage Deck" area
  Changed text of Card Game rules
